---
title: Repl.it worksheet
layout: post
author: finley.thomson
permalink: /repl.it-worksheet/
source-id: 1XysfEDKndWj8qZSn9wKmcUj_vxeWkJ2A-DFYl9TQQDo
published: true
---
Today in I.T, we carried on with repl.it. This lesson we learnt about loops, and made a piece of code which said how much pocket money you have. First, it was simple, we just had to make a code that said 'On week one you get £0.01. On week two you get £0.01' etc. We used a loop, and just made it add one number to the week each time it printed. This was very easy, and as far as I know, everybody did that with ease. The next part was quite a bit harder. Mr Keen gave us a link, which I put in a separate document so I could come back and forth to it. This was a link to our school website. We had to click a folder in it to take us to Python guides. After we were instructed to open a couple of other things, Mr Keen told us to complete worksheet 4, which was on the drive. This told us to do the pocket money thing, but every week double the money. We also had to tell it to stop doing it after 27 weeks. That is when you will become a millionaire if you double 1 pence for that amount of time. So the finishing code looked a bit like this.

This is week 1

You have earned: £0.01

This is week 2

You have earned: £0.02

This is week 3

You have earned: £0.04

And then it would go on and on until it got to week 27. This I.T lesson I did not need much help, and I was able to do the work without confiding with my teacher or my classmates. In fact, I was helping other people work out the answers to some of the questions. I think that i had a dodgy start to repl.it in year 7 or 8, but I have definitely improved a lot.

