---
title: I.T repl.it opener
layout: post
author: finley.thomson
permalink: /i.t-repl.it-opener/
source-id: 1MYsxPVXsS1Sl_oKRNE_zkRfEB6LusjxNNRGNclqycEI
published: true
---
Today we got some new teachers. My class, who was with Mr Tansley swapped, so we had Mr Keen. Mrs Keen's group are now doing drama, and the drama group are now with Mr Tansley doing spreadsheets. Since we swapped teachers, we also swapped classrooms, and the code we were doing was different.

First we got into our new classrooms and sat down, and then we logged on. We were told to go to the website repl.it. This is a coding website, where you can make your own code. After we got onto repl.it, we clicked in the button named 'sign in'. This helps you sign into the website. I pressed Google and it came up with my google account and everything I had done in repl.it, when we did it in Year 7 or Year 8 (I do not remember which). Only one thing came up. I clicked to make a new code, and Mr Keen called us all up to the front. First, Mr Keen wrote some code, we told him what we knew, and he had a good, simple code working. The Code was simply; It says to you "hello.How are you? Good or bad" If you say good then it says “I am happy to hear that you are good” If you say bad, it says: “I am sorry to hear that you are bad”. However, if you said anything else, like: “hgdfqwerjfgyrucwejhfewbkaegD QWRUYKEGJ” It will say: “ I don't understand what you said, you muppet”

Throughout the lesson, we developed on that and learnt a lot.

