---
title: repl.it lesson 4
layout: post
author: finley.thomson
permalink: /repl.it-lesson-4/
source-id: 1Ve_d_XOp2rGW0ePt_xDlazHfaFzJ1UBqyz1_vbZJTBs
published: true
---
Today in I.T we started off by coming in, sitting down and getting our blogs up on the computers. I was a little embarrassed by mine because the background is basically the same colour as the font of all of my blogs. In fact, you probably can't read this writing unless you highlight it. I’m not even sure if there is any point writing this blog before this blog page is fixed. Today Mr Keen showed us a very very large piece of code that he had done on repl.it. This was amazing. He made a game a bit like the game mastermind but with numbers. The computer generates 4 random digits, but does not tell the player, as the player will try to guess them. The game is called cows and bulls, and once you have guessed a four digit number, it might say Cows: 2 Bulls: 1. This means that two of the numbers are correct, but in an incorrect place, and there is one number that is exactly correct, leaving one of the numbers you have guessed completely incorrect. You will keep guessing until you have guessed the correct number. I can tell that Mr Keen spent a long time on this, as it has a lot of cool extras in the code. For example; it will tell you what your score average is for different players; It gives you the top 10 scores and who scored them; It will correct you if you put in too many digits, a letter inside your guess, or too little numbers etc. This shows me that you can do a lot more than I thought on repl.it, and this has inspired me to do a lot more work on it.

